README.md, before:

# AcademicRecruitAPI-GEIADE

[![Build Status](https://github.com/UdL-EPS-SoftArch/AcademicRecruitAPI-GEIADE/workflows/CI%20with%20Maven%20and%20CD%20with%20Heroku%20and%20Docker/badge.svg)](https://github.com/UdL-EPS-SoftArch/AcademicRecruitAPI-GEIADE/actions?query=workflow%3A%22CI+with+Maven+and+CD+with+Heroku+and+Docker%22)

## Vision

**For** members **who** take part in the selection process of candidates and **for** candidates
**who** want to apply for teaching staff vacant posts.

**the project** AcademicRecruit **is a** platform to manage the selection process tak

**that** ...

**Unlike** existing tools, AcademicRecruit ...


## Features per Stakeholder

|       Stakeholder 1             |       Stakeholder 2             |   Administrator   |
| --------------------------------| --------------------------------|-------------------|
|                                 |                                 |  Register User    |                             
|                                 |                                 |                   |                                 
|                                 |                                 |                   |                               
|                                 |                                 |                   |                                
|                                 |                                 |                   |             
|                                 |                                 |                   |               


## Entities Model

...

Commit message:

Added Vision and Features per Stakeholder on README.md

README.md, after:

# AcademicRecruitAPI-GEIADE

[![Build Status](https://github.com/UdL-EPS-SoftArch/AcademicRecruitAPI-GEIADE/workflows/CI%20with%20Maven%20and%20CD%20with%20Heroku%20and%20Docker/badge.svg)](https://github.com/UdL-EPS-SoftArch/AcademicRecruitAPI-GEIADE/actions?query=workflow%3A%22CI+with+Maven+and+CD+with+Heroku+and+Docker%22)

## Vision

**For** members **who** take part in the selection process of candidates and **for** candidates
**who** want to apply for teaching staff vacant posts.

**the project** AcademicRecruit **is a** platform to manage the selection process taking into account stakeholders' interests

**that** allows managing commissions, documents and commissioners in order to keep track of the selection processes of candidates

**Unlike** existing tools, AcademicRecruit fits the UdL standards.


## Features per Stakeholder

|       Commissioner              |   Secretary                     |
| --------------------------------|---------------------------------|
| Read Documents                  |  Invite Commissioners           |
| Sign Documents                  |  Delete Commissioners           | 
| Upload Documents                |  Update Commissioners           | 
| Grade Candidate                 |  Read Commissioners             | 
|                                 |  Post Documents                 |  
|                                 |  Publish Documents              | 
|                                 |  Download Documents             | 
|                                 |  Delete Documents               |     
|                                 |  Create Commissions             | 
|                                 |  Delete Commissions             |
|                                 |  Update Commissions             |   
|                                 |  List Commissions               |  
|                                 |                                 |                                 
              


## Entities Model

...
